[man panting]
[wind howling]
[whimpering]
[device buzzing]
[dramatic music playing]
[music crescendos]
[inhales, exhales deeply]
[crow cawing]
[men grunt]
[sighs]
[man] No, no, no, no! Please, mercy.
My father will pay now!
-I'm a friend.
-I don't wanna die.
I don't wanna die. Please.
[device buzzing]
-[man panting]
-"The goose is out of the freezer."
-[clangs]
-[yelps]
[banging in distance]
[thrilling music plays]
[grunts]
The fish is out. Yeah!
[men shouting in distance]
[man screaming]
-[men speaking Russian]
-Whoa!
The Mist,
it can be seen,
but it's impossible to catch it.
[all grunting]
[thrilling music continues]
[grunts]
[shouting in Russian]
[guns firing]
-[siren blaring]
-[car engine revving]
["Scarface (Push It to the Limit)"
by Paul Engemann playing]
♪ Push it to the limit ♪
♪ Walk along the razor's edge ♪
♪ But don't look down
Just keep your head ♪
♪ Or you'll be finished ♪
♪ Open up the limit ♪
Hey, pull over! Let's go!
-I said pull over!
-Oye, Sapapaya!
What do you say?
You wanna race me, bro? Coño, va. [laughs]
♪ Hit the wheel and double the stakes ♪
♪ Throttle wide open
Like a bat outta hell ♪
♪ And you crash the gates ♪
♪ Going for the back of beyond ♪
♪ Nothing gonna stop you
There's nothing that strong ♪
♪ So close now
You're nearly at the brink ♪
-♪ So push it, oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Push it, oh, yeah ♪
One, two, three, four, five, six…
That's 20 followers!
That's more than I have on Insta!
♪ Welcome to the limit ♪
♪ Take it, baby, one step more ♪
♪ The power game's still playing so ♪
♪ You better win it ♪
[yawning]
[music continues in background]
-[sirens blaring in distance]
-[whistling to melody of song]
[sirens approaching]
Hands up! Show me your hands!
I wanna see your hands! Hands up now!
-[officer] Put your hands up now!
-Okay, but I've got a bigger weapon.
Because my package needs both
of my hands to hold it, coño! [laughs]
-[grunts]
-Hey, watch the hair!
So we're letting him go?
It sucks, but he has immunity.
Classified, top secret. Nothing we can do.
Here you are, Mr. Archibald Al Mahmoud.
It all checks out. You may leave.
And we apologize for all this.
What checked out?
The size of your gun, micro-dick?
[chuckles] I like you and your ugly face.
But I don't like you.
[tires squealing]
["Scarface (Push It to the Limit)"
continues playing on car radio]
[whistling melodically]
[horn honking]
Morning, Alain!
[speaking indistinctly]
Morning, Michel.
Morning, Cyprien.
No! No!
I mean, come on! Another ticket?
And plus, this is my own car.
Paul, I need a word.
Morning, Mireille. Morning, Josiane.
I need a minute.
-[man] Yes?
-Good morning, Paul!
[Paul] One second.
One second. How do they do that?
[laughing] Yeah, I'm here.
Sorry. [clears throat]
Paul, I didn't wanna buy that car, okay?
You did!
Don't we have other priorities
we might wanna discuss?
You're the boss, so it's your decision.
Yes, I know that you brought me on,
and… I just still get
a bit anxious, I guess.
All right. But with the car,
we'll hold on to it for now
because I still use it. Keep it simple.
-Okay?
-[man 2] Okay.
-Great. Go on.
-You're right.
Hey, Paul,
I… I found an old bank transfer.
It was sent to an employee… [splutters]
It's fake.
The person doesn't work here,
but apparently, the transfer
came from the Foreign Ministry.
And given
the president's anti-corruption pledge…
-You believe him?
-I mean, it seems a little…
You're right. He has some great proposals.
And I think this president is smart.
I'm a fan.
-Love him.
-[Paul] Very handsome.
It's just, isn't it better
if we keep our noses out of it?
No, it might be, but I'm just saying--
Don't say anything.
You're the boss, aren't you?
Yes, I'm the boss.
My man!
"Just keep your noses out of it"?
I'm the boss, Paul.
I'm obviously going to look
into a fake job.
Archibald Al Mahmoud,
471,000 euros since '95.
Government paying for your lavish life.
Bravo, Archibald Al Mahmoud.
I hope you had fun
because the party's over.
Well, Dad,
Grandpa Jacques.
It's time.
[suspenseful music builds]
It's over.
DELETING TOP SECRET
Shit. Oh, maybe I shouldn't have.
[alarm blaring]
The immunity for Archibald Al Mahmoud
is now lifted. He's lying low in Paris.
Now let's move out!
The individual's dangerous and armed!
Go! Go!
CARD WITHHELD
That's got to be the first time
Mr. Archibald "Al Mahmoud"
is broke like the rest of us.
Now how am I supposed to get my weed?
That's what this was for?
You said it was for Dalila.
Well, yeah, you know, I'm not gonna steal
halves off my little sister.
-I have principles.
-Man, what principles?
Now I'm an accomplice in drug trafficking?
Momo, I mean…
You're too caught up
with your life at school.
Me, I live in the street, in the hood.
I need to smoke, bro,
'cause I got no choice.
What hood? What street? We live in
one of Europe's safest housing projects.
But you know I need to smoke
before going to work.
You get money. It's different.
You set for life.
Shit, man, now I'm really late.
I'll see you tonight.
[children chattering indistinctly]
I know, Fernand. I'm really late.
-Stop doing that.
-[Archibald] It was two minutes.
-I was helping out Momo.
-[man speaks indistinctly]
[Fernand] Hey! Beat it!
-Or I'll beat you!
-Screw you, man!
-[spits]
-[engine revving]
Oh.
[chuckles] You're…
Look. I ironed your things.
So how are your midterms going?
What's your major? My little genius.
Uh, Environmental Accounting.
But I might do
Middle Ages Sociology instead.
All right. Just, no matter what,
focus on studying.
Don't be like I was.
Hey, I think something might be wrong.
I couldn't get my money,
and my bank account was empty.
[ominous music playing]
You mean
your monthly allowance didn't come?
Those assholes.
-Is there someone we can just call?
-They've lifted your cover.
[grunts]
My cover is fine. It's just the bank.
Get away from the window. They're coming.
-[phone beeping]
-We need to alert the team.
The goose is out of the freezer.
I repeat, the goose
is out of the freezer now!
We're having goose tonight?
Right. You need to know
about Richard, your father.
Why bring him up?
You're my dad. I mean it.
Listen to me!
Your dad never abandoned you, okay?
He asked me to look after you
after that Cup-and-Ball.
Cup-and-Ball?
Time to scan your brain, old-timer.
[suspenseful music playing]
-Damn, what are they doing here?
-They're here for us both.
[sighs exasperatedly]
You too? You have weed here?
[mechanical whirring]
-[electricity fizzles]
-[grunting]
-The Big Mac…
-Okay, Fernand, I'm freaking out.
Let me check the batteries
in your pacemaker.
My… my phone!
-Don't call anyone.
-Me?
Avoid the trains and metros.
You need to be almost invisible,
like… like The Mist.
[groans]
Stay calm. I mean, I'm fine, right?
-I'm innocent.
-You better run. Take this.
Wait, what's this? Where did you get that?
No point in shooting cops
over a bit of weed.
-Get out!
-All right!
But where do we meet?
Archie, I love you forever.
Leave. Go, go, go, go!
[dramatic music playing]
[keys jangling]
-[key clicking in lock]
-[grunting]
[lock clicks open]
My genius.
[door opens]
Search it.
[panting]
[tires screeching]
-[officer 1] Stop! Don't move!
-[officer 2] Don't move! Nobody move!
On the ground right now, or we'll shoot!
We said get on the ground!
Don't move!
[officer 3] Put your hands up.
I didn't know he wanted it to buy weed!
[gasps]
Stop! [yells]
Don't, please! Don't!
Hold on. Don't shoot.
You're making a… a huge mistake, trust me.
A few little bumps,
but, uh, the package is together
and in great shape.
-[in Russian] Son.
-[gasps]
Thank you so much.
We'll celebrate tonight, hmm?
-[in English] Family problem. Got to go.
-Next time.
Okay. Next time.
[whimpers]
Sorry.
[device buzzing]
[fax machine beeping]
NATIONAL SECURITY
VERY SECRET
-Commander?
-Yes?
-We received a fax.
-A fax?
Yeah. Who sends a fax
with a code that's 25 years old?
A guy who's been gone for 25 years.
[groans]
[Paul] What an asshole! What an asshole!
Someone's getting it.
Glad it's not us. [chuckles]
[Paul] You're an absolute idiot!
You stupid shit! Shit.
-So we have a problem, huh?
-Oh?
Can you explain
what happened with this transfer?
Nothing stood out to you?
Like a red banner
that reads "secret files"
and that flashes,
"No, I'm top secret! Don't touch me"?
Yeah, sure,
but I didn't notice it till I was done.
We agreed you're my boss.
-Yes.
-[Paul] That's settled.
However, you don't do anything
that I don't approve.
Is that too complicated?
Do you get stuck on the word
"until" or "approve"?
Or don't you know
what they mean when they're put together?
Hey, of course I do.
Look, Paul, here's what we do.
I assume full responsibility
as your superior and your leader.
Yes, Paul.
I need you to just quick twitching, okay?
You can count on me.
[man] General, sir, sorry
to drag you out of retirement.
-Madam Minister.
-General.
Jouard.
If I'm understanding,
we're discussing an old agent. Is that it?
Richard Brumère.
Ah, Brumère! I thought he was just a myth.
[Jouard] You should leave. Hugo,
tell Madam Minister
who we're dealing with here.
Commander of the Alpha Section,
a special unit within
the operational division that I commanded.
[men shouting in flashback]
Undetectable, like his code name,
The Mist.
After we let him go,
he became the world's
most celebrated mercenary.
A legend.
-A top pilot, a weapons expert.
-[jet engine roars in flashback]
But when unarmed, he's better.
I saw when it happened.
The Mist took down
a rhinoceros with his bare hands.
-[rhinoceros growls in flashback]
-So the myth goes.
[Hugo] Capable of extracting himself
from any situation.
When my heart quit,
Brumère helped me survive.
Open-heart surgery in the middle
of the savanna with only bamboo.
[chuckles] Come on. It's not like
he's James Bond or something.
1995.
Operation Cup-and-Ball.
For state reasons,
the government cut Brumère loose,
abandoned on the field
and in the hands of the enemy.
[guns firing]
[groans]
-Hello, Colonel.
-[Hugo] Hello, Richard.
-Is Farah there?
-[screams]
-[Hugo] Mr. Minister, it's him.
-[Richard] Put her on.
-No!
-Yes! Yes, put her on!
Yes, yes, yes! Do it!
[phone ringing]
[Farah] Richard?
[speaking Arabic]
-What's she saying?
-It's personal and intimate.
-Private stuff that's between a couple.
-Translate it.
[Farah speaking Arabic]
Uh, there, for example, she just said,
"Enjoy your whore, prick!" [speaks Arabic]
It's gotta be some code of theirs, sir.
[speaking Arabic]
-[continues over phone in Arabic]
-[guns firing]
[shouting in Arabic]
She said we need to cooperate with Richard
and do what she wants.
-Hello, Richard?
-Do what Farah demands.
I'll disappear for good.
The price of my silence.
Okay, Colonel?
[translator] That's the price
we need to pay.
-It's disconnected.
-Did you locate where he is?
Needed more time. Too bad.
-[Farah speaks Arabic]
-It's just like in the movies, huh?
She demands that
her son Archibald's last name be hers.
-Al Mahmoud.
-You can't be serious.
[speaking Arabic]
And that he receive
a monthly allowance for his entire life.
[Farah speaking Arabic]
[continues in Arabic]
Archibald will get immunity for life,
uh, protecting him with a secret defense.
No, Minister, no.
-We're doing it.
-No, you can't, sir.
You want the two of us
to lose our positions, do you?
-No.
-Right, no. So, yes.
-And she wants a babysitter.
-Oh, no. No!
She is totally mocking us.
It's an order of the president.
It is my duty, Minister,
to warn you that this is a huge error.
-[Minister] In any case, we've got him.
-[Hugo] No, he's got us.
If he speaks,
then Cup-and-Ball goes public.
Cup-and-Ball?
-I hoped I'd never hear that name again.
-Well, there we have it. Thank you, Hugo.
You just gave us every possible reason
to go bring down the man.
It's time
to finally rectify
the damage of the 1990s.
We should transfer his son to Brou.
-Uh, Brou?
-Yes, Brou.
In Perche.
Less exotic than Guantanamo
but just as effective.
Do we have
any recent photographs of Brumère?
-[screen beeping]
-That's our man.
What on earth is that?
[Hugo] The summer fair
at Jean-Baptiste Poquelin Middle School.
The Mist
has never been photographed since.
That's right, wiseass.
[imitates gun firing]
[woman] Bournette!
Ah!
-Uh, Commander?
-Hmm?
We just got this in.
A cup-and-ball from Brumère.
Impressive.
I got here feeling confident.
I'll be leaving anxious.
Just you wait.
When the last mercenary returns,
we'll have real action!
[dance music playing]
[crowd chattering, cheering]
[whistling]
A hot towel.
And cashews.
Richard.
[Richard] Marguerite.
Between Fernand's death
and your son's arrest… a tragic day.
[Richard]
They shouldn't have attacked my son.
-Is Jouard still in service?
-More than ever.
Are you looking for him or his wife?
-That's all in the past
-[Marguerite] Not for him.
For him, it's still personal.
Here's your son's file.
He lives in the suburbs.
Hmm.
The kid's been busy.
He made the most of his immunity,
but I guess he apparently
didn't get your discretion.
This isn't what I heard from Fernand.
-He wanted you to believe in him.
-I've seen all his diplomas.
Knowing Jouard,
he'll transfer Archibald to Brou.
Okay.
We're gonna do this one old-school.
[grunts]
You got it.
[sighs]
Archibald Al Mahmoud. Once more.
[indistinct chattering]
[Richard sighs] Farah…
[gentle music playing]
Hmm. [sighs]
[people speaking indistinctly
in background]
[tense music creeping in]
Ah, stop it! Look, I'm just--
Let me go, man! Leave me alone.
Get off of me!
If you think I'll let you rob this place
just because you can do judo, forget it.
Then I'll just break everything.
-You're not taking this.
-[Richard] Wait.
No!
Wait! Stop! That's enough.
Please, put the TV down. There's no need.
Young man… I mean, miss…
-It's "miss."
-[sighs] Excuse me. I wasn't sure.
-You replacing Fernand?
-[Richard] Yes, I'm replacing Fernand.
So then the building authorities
came through for once.
What a mess, such a waste.
Look at the damage.
And who's going to clean this up?
It'll be me. [chuckles]
[glass sweeping]
Tell me, is Archibald… your fiancé?
That dweeb? Shit, man, no.
-He's my brother's friend.
-Oh, your brother.
So he's the leader around here
for your business, hmm?
Archie, a leader? [scoffs, laughs]
Look, man, that kid's a victim, okay?
And him being arrested,
that was some bullshit.
Was this his first arrest?
[glass sweeping]
As a building manager, you snoop too much.
Yes, you're right.
I'm not being productive.
'Cause someone
still needs to take the trash out.
It'll be me. [chuckles]
Hey, I'm watching you, got it?
Yeah, I'm on to you.
Go on, admit that you're a cop.
So what, didn't believe us
when we warned you?
Shit.
Colleagues of yours?
We told you not to deal there
because it's ours!
What's wrong? You confuse it
with your mama's pussy?
Next time, we'll take you down, bitch,
so stop it.
Listen. That's enough. Just stay calm.
Who the hell are you? I'm serious,
you piece of shit. Back off and shut it.
Go shut your mother's mouth.
What you gonna do?
-[grunting]
-You stupid bitch!
You insane? What the hell?
[Richard] Excuse me.
-[coughs] She's mine. Get lost.
-Whoa, whoa. Let's be reasonable.
-I said, go!
-What?
Look, old guy,
get out of the way, or I'll--
-What the hell?
-[grunting]
-[bone cracking]
-Spread the word.
-There's a new janitor in town.
-[whimpering]
-You're sorry?
-[dealer] I'm sorry!
Thank you.
-We're out of here.
-Okay, we're already gone.
Don't bullshit me.
You don't move
like a janitor or a cop either.
But maybe like a secret agent.
Hmm.
What do you want with Archie?
You investigating?
Dalila.
Richard.
[Dalila] Cool. So listen up.
You'll investigate this case with me.
Because Fernand was a good man,
and Archie's family.
So you're stuck with me, got it?
[groans]
Okay.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
Fernand…
[delicate music playing]
[music turns tense]
It's missing an ear.
[Dalila] So what?
[exhales deeply]
Djibouti, back in 1993.
[mechanical whirring]
[Dalila] Whoa.
[whooshing loudly]
[mysterious music playing]
Whoa.
What is this though?
A panic room.
[Dalila] Hold on,
Fernand has a panic room?
This is sick!
[electronic beeping]
No way! He surveilled everything?
That's why nobody dealt in these streets.
Fernand made sure that Archibald
was raised in a protected place.
What's that?
Wow, guys.
Oh?
Don't ignore me. I'm not gonna leave.
So what happened?
At some point, you're gonna have
to work with me, you know.
Way I see it, you're all by yourself,
and I bet you could use my help.
Archie was dealing weapons?
No, impossible. That wasn't him.
I mean, in Grand Theft Auto, okay.
Fernand suspected that someone
used the immunity Archibald had.
Archie has immunity?
Mac Virtual Block System.
Why would he put this in here?
[sighs] Big Mac?
Known internally as the Big Mac.
A weapon developed back in the early '90s.
It was designed to disable
any electronic device.
I mean, that's sick!
Oh, no, no, no, no.
This weapon is serious, okay?
It causes too much collateral damage.
A simple pacemaker would stop.
It's like the other day,
in just two seconds,
I remember there was
a total blackout here.
I mean, even people's phones stopped.
His last day.
-[keyboard clacking]
-[beeps]
-Are you looking at Fernand's last day?
-[Richard] Yeah.
-[Dalila] Oh, shit. Police?
-They're special agents.
The kind of agents
who operate unofficially.
Bingo.
The Big Mac.
You… you obviously got
the wrong Fernand Bouchard.
A lot of guys have that name.
Give me a phone. I'll call him.
Fernand Bouchard… was murdered!
-Okay? So stop jerking us around, kid!
-But that's not possible.
-Got it? There was no Fernand Bouchard.
-There was…
He was really Fernand Eisenberg!
Aka, "Plasticizer," retired special ops.
And as you see, he's dead.
He can't tell us anything.
You wanted to take over the business,
is that it? Is that right?
-No, no, no!
-[woman] Tell us everything!
[man] Look at the picture!
Know what? You'll be put in prison!
And with that little angel face,
you won't make it two days!
So what will it be?
A cell with a little ping-pong
or a little bit of ping-pong in your ass?
-It's not possible. No.
-[woman] It is. Now talk!
-Talk! Spill!
-Come on! You're dead!
[both yelling indistinctly]
[chuckles softly]
He's good.
[man 1] Somebody fucked up.
[man 2] Yeah, well, uh,
I'll… I'll check it out right away.
[man 1] Yeah, you do that, Omar.
You do that.
-[Omar] You still got the money?
-[man in room with man 1] Yeah.
And I got the yayo.
[Omar] You got the yayo?
-[man in room with man 1] Yeah, right.
-[phone rings]
-[Omar] Bring it here.
-[man in room with man 1] Fuck you.
Hey, you piece of shit!
¿Qué pasa, hombre? [laughs]
-[Paul on phone] I need your papers back.
-My ID?
No, no way! I'm not giving that shit back.
-[Paul] We have a problem.
-Hey!
-This isn't what you promised me.
-[Paul] But we have a problem.
Did you forget that I have
restricted entry and am here illegally?
You don't need to scream, okay?
[man in room] What part
of that don't you understand?
[Paul] I'm asking for your sake.
It's no skin off my back.
-I have a team of lawyers.
-Who do you take me for, prick?
You wanna fuck with Simyon?
No one fucks with Simyon, got that?
It's me who does the fucking around here!
Got it? Hey!
-You need to stop. I can hear you.
-[Simyon] Shove your Big Mac up your ass!
You'll be sorry, all of you shitheads!
Suck my dick, asshole!
-Hello?
-[phone line clicks, beeping]
The man hangs up.
[scoffs] I'm doing you a favor.
-[indistinct chattering]
-What you got on Big Mac?
The project is temporarily on hold.
There's been no sign of the prototype.
What about moving my son Archibald?
It'll have to be quick. It'll be tomorrow.
They just need to get the last signature.
What's going on?
I remember you differently, Richard.
Yeah, right. How am I supposed to, uh…
I'd get the team back together fast.
I'm not much of a fighter anymore,
but I'm here if you need me.
No, no. How does someone
be introduced to their only son?
I don't know about all that.
I've never been a mom.
I suppose you could write something.
A letter. That's great.
A letter.
Be careful, Richard.
You've always spent your time
saving others, but this…
It gets tricky when it's personal.
An operation is still an operation.
-[horn honks]
-[tires squealing]
[man on radio] The entire route's
been mapped out, as instructed.
It's his son. He'll be there.
If he fires his weapon, then shoot.
It's self-defense.
If he doesn't, shoot him down.
Just tell me
when the kid's been picked up.
Commander, they picked the kid up earlier.
-We made our move now so…
-What do you mean? Who picked him up?
Our officials.
Look, I'm positive our protocol
was pristine. I promise.
We even have a scanned copy of
the transfer document from the president.
This proves it.
[Jouard]
Except we don't have the right one.
[Minister]
Brumère's son's transport document,
signed by the president.
-He wants to get rid of Archibald quickly.
-I'm with you both.
So it's a pact then?
-[whooshing loudly]
-Oh, God!
[Minister] Ooh.
-It's everywhere. What a mess.
-[waiter] May I?
[lively music plays]
Brumère…
[door sliding]
No, please, I don't wanna leave.
-All right.
-In memory of the good old days.
Here on out, you're on your own, The Mist.
Okay, Joe. Madeleine.
-Thanks. See you.
-What did that mean?
-Joe! Where are we going?
-[Richard] There's no time. Come on.
-Get in.
-There's no way I'm getting in that car!
-Why am I being transferred?
-Because I'm also mourning Fernand.
-Move it.
-Okay, okay, okay. Sure.
-Put it into first gear.
-[tires squealing]
[horn honks]
[inhales sharply]
You can't drive?
No.
It's a big stretch that you don't know
how to drive at your age.
Relax. No one's going to follow
a driving school car.
[tires squealing]
It's great to meet you.
Really. Besides,
you're a good-looking kid.
Uh, huh?
What are you doing with your life?
Uh… you know what?
I'm thinking I should get out.
Oh, no, I'm afraid you're stuck.
-Put it in third.
-[grunts]
-[tires squeal]
-[siren blaring]
And did Fernand talk about your dad much?
Yeah, I know he's a real prick.
Ah, no, it's a bit complicated.
-You know who he is?
-Sure, I do.
Your dad is a great man.
I mean, he's smart.
He's someone with a great reputation.
He's one of the good ones.
-Yeah.
-You know him better than I do.
I mean, he asked me to come to help you.
-What?
-Yeah.
Really?
-[grunts] That's what this is?
-Well, yeah.
-[sirens blaring]
-[indistinct chattering over radio]
[whistle blowing]
You know what?
I'll get out here. This is weird.
And since you're such good friends,
you can tell him that
he can forget about it.
Leave me alone! That's all!
Archibald, come back!
-[gun fires]
-Come back, Archibald!
[screams] Someone's shooting at us!
This isn't cool!
[screams, panting]
["One Way or Another" by Blondie playing]
[howling]
-[screaming]
-[growling]
[tires squealing]
You need to do
what I say if you wanna live.
Are you crazy?
What do you mean, if I wanna live?
[siren blaring]
-[yelling]
-Let go.
-Let go of the wheel.
-No!
Let go of the wheel!
-Just like in the movies.
-Look, man, forget the movies!
I don't wanna die!
-Police!
-Watch out!
-[Archibald] Police!
-[officer] Pull over! Pull over now!
[sirens blaring]
Watch out!
[tires squealing]
♪ And if the lights are all down… ♪
[Archibald] Help! I don't want to die!
[wailing]
You sound pathetic.
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna find ya
I'm gonna get ya, get ya, get ya… ♪
Come on, step on it! Let's go!
-Put it in fourth.
-Are you crazy? I'm not!
-You're insane!
-Oh, yes.
[Archibald] Please, I don't wanna die!
-Don't grip it so tight.
-[screams] I'm not!
-Pull yourself together.
-[whimpers]
Archibald, let go of it.
[Archibald] No!
♪ And if the lights are all out ♪
♪ I'll follow your bus downtown ♪
-[Archibald gasps]
-♪ See who's hanging out ♪
Whoa!
[screaming]
[hyperventilating]
[both grunting]
[Archibald] No, no, no, no, no! [grunts]
[screaming]
[panting] Who are they?
We turned right.
-We just turned right.
-Did we lose them?
No.
[panting]
[metal scraping]
[brakes squeaking]
[yelps]
Just breathe.
[hyperventilating] Okay, I'm breathing.
[worker 1] Get down!
-What's happening?
-[worker 2] Are you crazy?
[shouts, gasps]
♪ One way or another
I'm gonna get ya, I'll get ya… ♪
[both yelling]
[gasps] Move out of the way!
Get out of the way!
[people screaming]
[sighs]
[whimpers]
Slow on the brake.
Well, my dear boy,
you failed.
[children laughing]
[Archibald] All that
just to come back here?
Dalila?
Hey, Archie.
-[Archibald] Hey.
-Sorry about Fernand.
I gotta say it's pretty badass,
you getting away.
You freak out at all?
Me? Seriously? Come on.
That so? You were a bit scared.
Unless you like to scream
even when you're not scared, hmm?
We had a little hiccup.
Just a little hiccup, huh?
Excuse me for not keeping my cool
while being shot at.
-They fired at you?
-From all sides.
Everywhere. You know each other?
You're lucky to be friends with her.
Real attracts real, bro.
How do I explain Brumère's son escaping
to the president?
All our officers are on his trail,
Madam Minister.
And this guy? Can he help?
-Did you stop the bank transfer?
-Yes.
-So you know Brumère?
-No.
He says he was just following
a pointless notice.
[scoffs] Yes. That's mine.
Excuse me, Madam… Minister.
I-- Well-- Oh, you know what I mean.
There's no way
he's an accomplice to Brumère.
Yes, that's for sure.
-He's not the brightest bulb.
-[Jouard] No, he's not.
So then?
Unless we use this
to our advantage, Minister.
Are you saying
you're going to use him as bait?
Yeah.
He is a member
of the government after all.
Yeah.
So then… let's set bait, Jouard.
I will be sure you get yours.
[chuckles] Fernand,
secret agent.
You know, your dad is a secret agent too.
Look… I don't give a shit.
I know his name's Richard,
and that's enough.
Who are you again?
Call me George.
-George?
-George, yeah, George.
[Archibald] George. [chuckles]
I can't let you talk
about Richard that way.
You'd abandon your own son,
would you, George?
Of course not.
In pain… George?
A bit of shrapnel
lodged between vertebrae.
Hurts every once in a while.
What do they want with me?
Someone used your identity
for illegal weapons.
But why me?
Your father gave you the gift
of total immunity. So there.
But what kind of father decides
that breaking the law is a gift?
Says a lot about the guy.
Well, actually, I believe
it was your mom's idea.
You obviously never met her.
I bet you got that from the other guy.
The other guy who saw to it
that you receive a bit
of monthly allowance, huh?
Wait, you get money too?
Yeah, mm, pocket cash.
Pocket cash?
1,540 euros each month?
It's all thanks to the government. My…
Listen.
The government made
your problems, Archibald.
My father's the reason
they murdered Fernand.
My real dad is gone because of Richard.
[sighs]
Absolutely insane.
I was at the lockers… [laughs]
It makes me laugh just to remember.
So I'm getting changed, and I'm putting
the clothes into the locker but then--
Enough! Shut up, you idiot!
-I see you're still upset.
-[Simyon] Shut up!
Fine. Okay.
I guess supposedly there's, um,
this guy making problems.
Nothing really. It's just that…
-No need to--
-What's with the bullshit, hassa?
-Do you know what a hassa is, Paul?
-Yes.
-A hassa is a pig that--
-[Paul] That doesn't fly straight.
I know, from Scarface.
The script is badass.
And did you know
Oliver Stone wrote the script?
Bullshit. It was Tony Montana.
Um…
Tony Montana's just some character
in the film, not a real--
-Enough! I don't wanna hear it.
-Yes, exactly. You're absolutely right.
I can't move product without my passport.
[sighs]
-If my dad finds out, I'm dead.
-And me?
And if I'm dead, the deal's off. Got it?
-Nyet, over, nada.
-What?
Oh, no, please, Simyon,
we have to go through with it.
-Shit, we're men of honor.
-Listen up, egghead.
Got it? With your ball-shaped face.
In this life, my honor
comes from my word and my dick.
Idea. [chuckling]
[makes buzzing noise] I'm on to something.
The idea's that we arrange
a little delivery to seal the deal.
-You want Uber Eats?
-[Paul] A Big Mac delivered to your door.
We have a deal?
-Ooh, ahh. Oh, yeah.
-[laughing]
Very funny, like always.
-Lazare.
-No. No, no, no. Come on, give me a break.
For two hours,
I explained to your colleagues
that I was just following the note.
We don't think that you're the accomplice
of public enemy number one.
-[sighs] Well, thank God.
-Rest assured.
[sighs]
It's more likely that you would be
his target.
-Huh?
-You have nothing to fear.
-Uh, I mean, don't I?
-Not at all.
We'll hook you up
with a microphone and a tracker.
Of course, there might be problems,
so take my card.
I don't give it out often.
You're a lucky man.
You're saying
that if I'm being shot at, uh,
-I should give you a call?
-Yes.
But not after 7:00.
-And not on Fridays. That's the Sabbath.
-This seems wrong.
Are you gonna tell him you're his dad?
As the proverb of Issa says,
"The camel might be
without water for many weeks,
but it drinks whenever it can."
Okay, so what?
What's your point?
Well, I'm waiting for the right moment.
Now, I wrote him a letter.
-It's great.
-[Dalila] No, that's crap.
[Archibald] No, no, I'll never tell you!
[mumbling] No! [gasping]
Are you sure he's your son?
Because, I mean, look at him.
Yeah, I did a test. Hmm.
-What? Are you serious?
-It's normal. I had my doubts.
So Archie's mom was just a booty call?
I won't be lectured
by someone who sells drugs.
I've done some bad things in my life.
But doing drugs?
Not me.
It's what pays my way through school.
Life is different
not having a dad… or money.
-[Archibald] I don't like dandelions!
-What are you studying at school?
Don't worry about it.
Anyway, I was busy
while you were saving your "maybe" son.
Fernand took multiple pictures
of the same car.
The car's plates were registered
to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The Ministry's in charge
of Archibald's immunity.
It's owned by Alexandre Lazare.
Want to tell me how you know that?
Let's just say I have contacts,
and they do a lot of work
with cars and plates.
I bet.
Magnum and Jeroboam.
A couple of mercenaries.
Hired by the government
for their special operations.
You're a mercenary?
[inhales, exhales deeply]
[Hugo] Cup-and-Ball is ancient history.
I've told you before
that during that infamous mission,
Richard and your wife were suspected daily
of being a fake couple on their honeymoon.
So how can I put this?
Well, Richard decided
that he'd better preserve their cover, so…
That sack of shit! He slept with my wife!
He boned my wife, okay?
Ah, they consummated it.
But no one but Richard
could have been able
to have taken on that challenge.
They had a flame-thrower!
Yes, General, we get the picture.
Madam Minister, he took my wife.
That guy just banged her.
A fool. A fool!
For eight weeks after that,
she was glowing!
Listen, Guy,
the republic will not forget
your sacrifice. That I can promise.
What worries me is if the bastard
puts a team together again.
They're barbarians on the field.
Merciless, causing rebellion.
They're merciless and brutal men!
-And bloodthirsty killers!
-Let go, Archie!
-[Jouard] Godless!
-Give it to me!
-Stop it!
-[Jouard] Lawless!
-Just let go!
-Archie, let it go.
-[Richard] No phones.
-There, you see?
There, you see?
Archibald, I need Dalila
to pay Lazare a visit.
I need you to stay.
-What? I'm being left alone?
-What part of this don't you get?
You're wanted, Archie.
They'll kill you, you hear me?
-More reasons to be together then, right?
-Just trust me on this one.
As long as you're in here,
nothing bad can happen, Archibald.
Okay. You can call me Archie.
Archibald. It works! [chuckles]
Look, just call me Archie, please, George.
Archibald sounds like a clown's name.
-[Dalila] George…
-Okay, Archie.
[Lazare] "Meet in one hour.
Quai de Seine. Quai d'Orsay. Alone."
"Brumère." Brumère?
[whimpering] Oh…
Brumère is here.
[in singsong] He's here.
[bicycle bell rings]
[indistinct chattering]
Brumère?
[static crackling over radio]
[woman speaking indistinctly over PA]
Do you have a cigarette
I can bum off you? Do you?
-Uh, no. I don't have any.
-Come with us.
-Let's go.
-But what'd I do?
Goodbye, madame.
Brumère?
[girl] Hey, let me go!
[sighs] Where is he? Where is he?
Brumère?
Brumère? No?
[phone vibrating]
[phone continues vibrating]
-Hello?
-[Richard] Lazare? It's Brumère.
It's Brumère!
It's Brumère! It's Brumère!
The guy's an idiot.
Are you alone?
Yes, I'm alone.
I'm not… I'm… I'm not with the cops.
No mic on me either. Not at all.
-There you have it.
-An idiot.
[Richard] Turn around.
-Put the helmet on.
-Okay.
[Richard] Can you hear me?
-Okay, I can hear you.
-[Richard] And change your outfit.
What? Uh, what do you mean?
What do I change into?
[Richard] I forgot to mention.
There's an explosive in the helmet. C-4.
You have ten minutes
to reach your destination.
Ah, this isn't okay!
This isn't an outfit! [screams]
If you take it off, boom!
It's heating up! Move! Hurry!
I'm sorry! Sorry!
Coming though! I can't… [screams]
-The guy's an idiot.
-Or a genius.
[people shouting, screaming]
Sorry!
-Hey! What are you, crazy?
-Whoo! [shouting]
-[Richard] Turn left.
-It's burning! It's burning!
I mean, at least he's easy to spot.
Hey, man, don't give
last-minute turns, okay?
Please, I'm in my underwear!
Hold on.
-[tires screech]
-[horn honks]
[screams, gasps]
Oh, this is bad! I-- No, but I can't!
[suspenseful music playing]
-[Richard] Come on, come on. Faster!
-[screaming]
-[Richard] Faster!
-Please, no!
You're not the one
with the bomb strapped to his ear!
-[Richard] Faster! Faster!
-Please, I'm doing my best here.
I'm not Schumacher!
See what you're making me do?
[Richard] Just so you know,
three minutes left.
Excuse me! Whoa-ho-ho-ho-ho!
Watch out! I'm sorry!
-[Richard] Turn right! Right!
-Are you sure about these directions?
-[honking]
-[woman screams]
[Lazare screaming]
I feel like there's a chance
I'm on the wrong side!
[horns honking]
[Lazare screaming]
[Richard] Turn under the arches.
Fine, but I'm tell you,
I'm not doing an entire tour of Paris!
-[screams]
-Watch out, watch out!
Hey, but scooters
aren't supposed to be here.
[Richard] You also shouldn't be
half naked in public.
I'm on a scooter in my underwear!
Your plan isn't very discrete.
[people screaming]
[yelling]
Sorry, my bad! I can't stop!
-[Richard] And turn left.
-I don't wanna die!
[screaming]
[crashing]
-But I said go left.
-[siren blaring]
-It's not difficult.
-[Lazare panting]
-It's him! It's him!
-[officer 1] Don't move! Don't move!
Got him, Commander! Got him!
[grunting]
[groans]
[officer 2] Don't move!
[all grunting]
[gasps]
[groans]
Yo, Brumère. [panting]
Since I'm freezing my ass off,
could you get me out of this thing?
[grunts, screams]
-[siren passes]
-[panting] Is it… is it deactivated?
[grunts]
-What?
-The explosives were burning my cheeks.
-Ah, it's not rigged.
-What? It's not rigged?
You're stressed. It's stress.
Come on.
Go get changed.
In there.
No. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not doing it.
-Oh, yes.
-No, I'm not going in.
MIMI ICE CREAM
ICE CREAM MAKER
[children's music playing]
[Lazare] Hey, what's the idea?
You never told me the rules, okay?
[metal music playing on headphones]
[grunts]
If you're going to torture me with music,
couldn't you have picked
something a little calmer?
More relaxing? Beethoven. Bach.
-No? Nothing? [yelps]
-Sorry.
[mechanical clicking]
-You went out?
-[Archibald] Me? No way.
It was getting a little stuffy,
and I needed some air.
-[Richard] Smells different in here.
-[Lazare] See you later! [yells]
[Richard] Turn around.
[Lazare grunting]
I have been briefed, sir.
I know that you want revenge
against the republic.
But I won't say anything!
Buddy…
[exhales deeply]
Contact. I met the killers
that are behind what you've been doing.
Yeah, sure, the killers.
You're exaggerating,
but… it's true, we do have
excellent bureau operating.
Your excellent colleagues
tried to kill me.
Well, I'd love to be helpful.
I don't see how.
The gun they shoved under my nose,
I saw that just fine.
Who canceled the bank transfer?
It was, uh, individually motivated.
[Richard] Is that your car?
Your team?
Yeah, that's… that's my car,
but… I don't use it
because I'm against getting advantages.
And… I've never seen them before.
Your father was
the scapegoat for Cup-and-Ball.
-My father was innocent.
-[Richard] I know.
And their scapegoat
for this operation is you.
Meaningless lies. No.
And don't be spreading lies.
I am nobody's scapegoat.
Jacques, your grandfather, a diplomat.
Back in 1940,
he didn't hesitate when pledging
his allegiance to the Resistance
even though collaborating
would have been the easy option.
Ah, you were pals with Grandpa Jacques?
-We're not the same age.
-Yes.
Uh, yeah, but he did that
just to combat the Nazis. Hmm.
Papa Jacques wasn't a rat.
Here's what we do.
You're my accomplice,
and you'll finish your days in jail.
[chuckling]
Oh, no, I mean, you…
you're way off, my friend.
In jail? [chuckling]
[Richard in Lazare's voice]
So did you like the scooter?
It's revenge for Cup-and-Ball,
you piece of shit!
Ah, just like the Terminator.
No. No!
One call to the Ministry is enough!
-You wouldn't do that.
-[in normal voice] Yeah.
Come on. Let us in on what you know!
What… what about Grandpa Jacques?
[sighs]
I'm not happy about this.
Paul.
-He's the only one that uses the car.
-[Archibald and Richard] Paul?
Paul. Paul Lesueur, my subordinate.
Although he gave me the job.
A bit weird, huh?
Very smart, because then he can say
he was following your orders.
I mean, he doesn't think I'm that stupid.
Archibald, so you went out?
No. No. No, I didn't. I've been here.
-Yes, you went out.
-Did not. I didn't go out.
-Did you go out?
-I would tell you if I did.
-I've just been here.
-Yes or no?
Yes, I went out!
I was depressed, do you get that?
I thought I'd better go see Momo
rather than do something crazy.
-Helmet, shades.
-No! No, no, no.
[panting, whines]
Look, couldn't we take
a break from this, huh?
Quick!
Where are we going now?
[Brahms's "Hungarian Dance No. 5"
playing in headphones]
What's happening?
[Lazare] Ah, thank you
for the classical music. Finally.
Get down!
[guns firing rapidly]
["Hungarian Dance No. 5" playing loudly]
Could you not breathe down my neck?
Come on!
Stop kidding around! Where you guys at?
-What is going on?
-Let's go to the panic room.
-Go!
-[Lazare] Okay, enough!
-[Richard] Come on, let's go!
-[Lazare shouting]
Well-done, Archibald.
Champion of the world!
Why didn't you bring any weapons with you?
-Killing… just kills.
-[Archibald groans]
[sniffing]
The door's armor-plated.
We're fine back here.
As long as it's not C-12, we're good.
[sniffing]
[tense music plays]
[beeping]
[exhales sharply, inhales]
Nope, it's not C-12.
-Phew.
-This is C-54.
That's worse.
[gasps]
-Huh?
-[whimpers]
-Come on!
-[grunts]
[Lazare] Hey, don't forget me!
Mm. It's moving.
What are we looking for?
Every panic room has a secret exit.
Okay, and what's our other option?
Huh.
But how am I supposed to know?
I mean, what are you thinking?
You have to communicate!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Uh, excuse me,
I feel there's a little agitation.
-[Archibald] I can't believe this.
-Am I mistaken?
Come on! No! Come on! Come on, come on.
If something's going on,
I'd prefer to know.
-[Archibald] Please, come on.
-[Lazare] Please!
-Archie…
-[Archibald] No, no, no, no, no.
I was prepared to give you a letter.
-It's important I tell you now--
-Yes! [laughs]
Fernand! I love you, Dad!
[Lazare] I'm not a seer,
no pun intended, but I can sense a change.
-No…
-Yes.
Well, but you seem to overestimate
my sense of direction.
[beeping]
-Dalila? Where are you? Close?
-[Dalila over radio] In position, George.
[explosion rumbles]
It's a bit warm, right?
[coughing]
[Dalila] Come on, come on. Hurry, hurry.
Come on, come on. Go, go, go!
-[Archibald] Go!
-[Dalila] Come on, come on.
Hurry, hurry. Go, go. Come on, get in.
Come on, go, Momo! Drive.
[tires squealing]
[inhales, exhales deeply]
-[Magnum] Boss.
-Hey.
Problem solved.
-[Paul] Yes!
-Definitely, boss.
[Paul] My man!
[phone beeps off]
You know what we did?
We eliminated the Mist.
We exploded the legend.
[both screaming]
[both grunting]
[Richard] Your weakness
led the enemy to HQ, okay?
BUTCHER
-You put everybody in danger. Everybody!
-Come on, man, give him a break.
I was feeling depressed.
Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen,
I'm here, and I exist.
And I've had about enough of this crap.
I don't know anything!
I am manhandled,
and you blow down my neck.
I'm in disguise!
I'm done being your puppet!
And I'm sick of this playlist!
He's right. It's true. What do we do?
Uh, Mr. Agent, uh,
just wanna see if I can get a gun up here
because it's not that secure at all. Over.
So the explosion was in the front.
We found a hidden room in the ruins.
Looks like their hideout.
There's nothing left.
Any bodies recovered?
Let's just hope we find
pieces of the Mist in there.
Lazare was with the Mist.
All in one fell swoop.
Such a shame that a member
of the government paid with his life.
-Bless that poor man.
-Amen.
[Richard] The guys who tried to blow us up
knew that you were with us.
Now, it'd be best if we could find out
if this Paul guy is one of them.
Paul…
What a disappointment.
So?
Are you prepared, rookie?
Microphone… on his collar.
And under his coat.
You know, the secret service
is very suspicious,
and so I'd better give you…
just a few bruises.
Listen, I've put up with a lot.
I've cooperated. Uh, now I draw the line.
He who wants to approach a lion
should look like a gazelle.
Huh?
No, I mean, so what?
Ah, this won't be painful,
but visually, well, it's believable.
Look, I'm fine if it doesn't hurt.
Then come on.
Here or here? [chuckles]
-[gasps]
-[yelps]
[people exclaiming]
[Lazare groans]
Hello, hello.
Uh, Alexandre?
You're… you're ali…
I mean, you're not dead. I mean, you're…
[mumbling] Alive.
He's alive. He's alive. Whoo!
[distortedly] I managed
to get away from Richard.
I… I didn't catch that.
[mumbling]
Sounds like Bantu.
-Huh? What?
-Bantu, an African dialect.
-You serious?
-Yes.
-Right.
-[mumbling]
[growls, mumbles]
Is he yelling?
[mumbling]
[sighs] We can't do this. This is stupid.
[wheezing, whooshing]
Sing it, maybe?
-[distortedly] Brumère.
-No.
[splutters, mumbles]
-[Paul] Shh.
-[mumbling]
-Is it…
-Ca… ca… caress, maybe?
-Or ass?
-No!
I swear, no, he just said to you,
"Have a good day."
-Yes. [chuckles]
-All good?
Right, then.
[mumbles]
Listen, Lazare, did Brumère
mention anything that seemed bizarre?
Did he show you someone's picture?
Maybe he showed you a picture
of… her or me? [chuckles nervously]
[mumbling]
No? Okay, okay.
All right. So what we'll do is,
you stay here. You stay here please.
Okay? Don't move.
Just stay.
[Lazare mumbles]
[grunting]
Hello? Yes. Yes, he's alive.
-[gasps]
-[distortedly] Oh. Can I get a coffee?
Huh?
[bouncy music playing]
[mumbles]
[grunts]
[distortedly] Shit.
The mic.
The mic!
[breathing heavily]
[Paul] So as soon as things
go wrong, it's my fault.
No, I'm not gonna take this!
[distortedly] Crap.
[gasping]
[grunts]
[Paul] When it goes wrong,
I'm to blame? No.
Sorry, but no way. Look,
tomorrow he's gonna come to the pool.
We'll set a date for it.
After that, it'll be done.
[Lazare snoring]
Can I call you back? Love you.
-[continues snoring]
-[snapping fingers]
[whistling]
[continues snoring]
Shh.
[suspenseful music playing]
[door opens]
-Morning.
-[Paul grunts]
[Bournette] Is Lazare here?
[Paul] What? Who?
-Alexandre Lazare. Is he here?
-Uh, yeah.
Yeah, he's here. Resting.
So maybe…
[whispers] …be quiet in the meantime.
We need him for questioning, I'm afraid.
Let's go.
[snaps fingers]
[keyboard clacking]
[Lazare mumbling]
[Bournette] Big eggs…
[mumbling]
-[distortedly] Big eyes!
-Ah, his eyes.
-His eyes. His eyes.
-[mumbling]
You mean that?
[mumbling]
-"Dick"?
-[mumbles]
-Just keep it clean, can you please?
-[chuckles]
[distortedly] No, it's, uh… More. Bigger!
-Ah, more. A bit bigger.
-[grunts]
-Okay?
-[distortedly] More. That's it. That's it!
That's it, that's it,
that's it, that's it. There. Stop!
There! [gasps]
That's him. See?
[mumbling] Ladies and gentlemen,
let me introduce you to Richard Brumère.
-Are you sure?
-[distortedly] Yeah!
See… uh…
Okay. Now we're pushing Homer Simpson.
I mean…
[distortedly] It's Richard Brumère.
-Okay.
-[distortedly] Ah, no, no, no.
-It is!
-That's him? That's Brumère?
-Right.
-[distortedly] That's Brumère.
Well? Do we have anything?
What's he looking like these days?
Um…
He's, uh…
[tense music playing]
That's it.
I recognize him.
King of camouflage.
Well-done, you asshole.
-Good.
-[distortedly] Yeah.
-[Jouard] Very good.
-[distortedly] Very good. Yeah.
[Momo] Go, go, go, go, go!
[Richard over radio] Go! Go, Momo! Go!
[tires squealing]
[mumbling]
What?
[continues mumbling]
Paul, tomorrow,
he will meet the buyer at the pool.
-Wait, you mean you got that?
-[Richard] Of course.
All I did was numb his hyoglossus muscle
to inhibit consonants that are percussive.
[mumbling]
Now we need
a safe place to spend the night.
Sewers would do it. Or the woods.
Yeah, first priority, guys,
find a good sewer.
Uh, Richard, the sewers won't work.
They are totally secure.
Unless someone has another option…
[chuckles] …more secure
to be for the night
that no one else knows of.
[mumbles, chuckles]
[continues mumbling]
[laughing]
He's got a hideout.
Uh, you pole dance?
[less distortedly] Yes, I do pole dancing.
It's a sport like any other.
-You'll have to give us a demo.
-No. No, no, no.
No, I'm not warmed up yet.
Well, I'm burning up. [grunts]
No.
-[dance music playing]
-No.
Okay. Let me see. Whoa!
-[Dalila chuckling]
-[Momo] Yeah, that's how it's done.
Yeah!
[Dalila laughing]
-Sure, laugh it up. Go ahead.
-[Momo] Yeah!
I mainly keep it a secret
so I don't get laughed at like that.
-[laughing continues]
-This is how it's done. Ha!
I love the pole.
-I'm one with the pole.
-That's bad. That's not it.
Apparently, it's acrobatic.
-[grunts]
-It's excellent for the dorsal muscles.
Ah! You see that? Did you hear?
Your dad appreciates
the unique perspective of this sport.
[chuckling] What do you mean, my dad?
Who's my dad? [laughing]
-Who? I mean, he's… he's right here.
-[all laughing]
-Who?
You're confused, man. George isn't my dad.
[chuckling]
But you're Richard Brumère.
Huh? He's "the Mist."
Is that you?
-Yes.
-There you go.
The father of Archibald Al Mahmoud.
[chuckles] That would be you.
Uh…
You are… Uh, yeah,
but I mean, you all knew that, right?
So that's his dad?
Come on.
Is it?
Man, it's no big surprise.
There are, you know, certain similarities.
Well, not really.
Uh, I should give you all
some, uh, family time.
Please turn off the light, Momo.
Archibald, I can explain.
[Archibald] No.
If you hadn't been called out,
it'd go unsaid.
Under the circumstances,
it was better to wait.
[Archibald] The circumstances?
You're an even bigger coward
than I thought!
That's not true.
He came here to protect you.
What is this shit?
[crying]
[sighs]
Hey, Archie!
Bro!
I mean, it could be worse, man.
You better go after him.
Me?
What if maybe you go instead, huh?
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
That bullet you've got in your spine,
you sure it's not just emotional?
-You don't know what you're talking about.
-I do. It's psychology.
It's my undergrad.
I'm just scratching the surface.
But I can see
you've carried this a long time.
[footsteps departing]
[door closes]
[sighs]
You know, one day
I was on a mission, in Chad.
It had seemed we'd lost and given up.
That day, I took five bullets, .22s. Yeah.
I was put in a trunk and handcuffed
and then thrown off a cliff.
[exhales deeply]
You should be dead.
No.
The hope of seeing you again
gave me the strength to break the lock
with my teeth.
[teeth crunching]
Three molars were lost.
[gentle music playing]
And because speeches aren't my strength,
I decided… [grunts]
…I'd better write
a letter to help explain.
No, I don't want your excuses.
Look, this is simple. You weren't my dad.
It was to keep you both safe.
No, it was because
you wanted your own life.
Farah, your mother,
she and I met on a mission.
And you…
my son had arrived.
There is a rule within the service.
Don't get attached.
Okay. I get it.
I was in the way.
I loved your mother.
And yet, when she got cancer, you were…
-Getting tortured in Chad.
-Sure, you were being tortured in Chad!
-Yes.
-Fernand wasn't being tortured in Chad.
Fernand was there till she had
her last breath. He was there for me!
[emotional music playing]
[choking up]
[Archibald] He's my real father.
You're not.
Archibald…
And stop calling me Archibald.
My name's Archie!
Archie, okay?
Oh, bathrooms aren't in here.
Okay, got it.
Archibald is the name of your grandpa.
[door closes]
[breathing heavily]
Breakfast!
What? Huh?
Whoa, I had a crazy nightmare.
I thought I missed breakfast.
All right, team, Operation Pool Day.
We need to identify the buyer,
what time and where
the Big Mac will be sold.
Do you think that the buyer
is pretending to be Archie?
Yes.
Right. Well, I mean,
the sale of your "hamburger"
isn't my problem.
First we need that impostor.
My name needs to be cleared, all right?
That's what matters.
I first need to get to Big Mac
because we need to protect
the safety of France, Archibald.
Well, I mean, you think I give a shit
about that? This is about my life here!
Don't you see that?
So I'm coming with you.
Archibald, if the beard endowed wisdom,
then all goats would become prophets.
-What?
-Sorry.
Armenian proverb. Hmm.
What? You maniac!
-Isn't that a bit intense, Richard?
-Just untie me! Dalila!
Dalila!
Momo, help me! [grunts]
It's for your own safety, bro.
[chuckles] Momo, just untie me.
-Momo!
-So how about that gun?
-Here we go.
-I'm a completely different person…
Untie me! You guys, what the hell?
You… you've picked your side, I see.
Is that it? Fine! [grunting]
[groaning]
[yelling]
-[screams, groans]
-[shattering]
[Dalila] I don't trust her. I mean,
why would he go there with her and not me?
-You jealous or what?
-Jealous of what? Of her? [scoffs]
Look, he likes the old lady.
See, me and Richard,
when considering this operation,
we knew she had specific skills.
And what she can do you're not able to do.
Not yet. You could learn.
-Anyway, the lady's badass.
-Just do your job, watchdog.
-[Richard on phone] Stretch your legs.
-I'm doing my job.
[Richard] That's it, Mrs. Wolf.
-Again. Deep breaths.
-[Dalila] Richard, everything good?
-We're good. He's here.
-[Dalila] Okay. Stay in position.
[phone rings]
Yes, Paul.
-Where the hell are you?
-Right.
It's just that I won't be
at the transaction today as planned
because it's too risky--
Why's it risky, huh?
-What about our big sale?
-Shh.
Did you just shush me? Listen to me!
Listen to me!
I'm not going to be shushed, okay?
I didn't mean to say, "Shh."
It practically slipped out.
Angelo, I'm starting
to get a little tired.
-Just a bit longer, Mrs. Wolf.
-No, really. No, I've had enough.
Right! Big Mac? What now?
[Richard] Marguerite, stop. Keep swimming.
-[Simyon] Okay.
-[grunts] Marguerite, what are you doing?
I need a minute. I just need a break.
As planned?
Deliver it to the land of falafel.
Watch the mic.
-You're overdoing it.
-I'm doing my best.
-I'm not faking it. I'm not faking it.
-Falafel. Okay? You do a home delivery.
-Mrs. Wolf, you okay?
-It's either tonight or never, coño.
Okay? And don't you ever say, "Shush"!
I'll hang up if you don't cut it out.
And then you'll see that--
-[line beeps]
-Come on, you're kidding me.
[Simyon] Shit!
-Mission canceled.
-[Dalila] What's going on, Richard?
-Richard, hey! What's happening there?
-Abort. I repeat, abort.
I'm drowning!
-Get me out! Get me out, Angelo!
-Archie!
-[Marguerite] Get me out!
-Come on.
[muttering angrily]
I do what I want.
Archibald! [grunts]
[woman screams]
[gasps] Huh? Oh!
Marguerite…
Mrs. Wolf!
[gasping, whimpering]
-[water running]
-[Simyon] ♪ Ever so gently ♪
♪ I want to change atmosphere ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Attitude ♪
[phone chimes]
[Simyon continues vocalizing]
♪ Slowly ♪
♪ I need love to replace the habit
♪ Simply ♪
♪ On the top of… ♪
[continues singing indistinctly]
Whoa.
Archibald Al Mahmoud! Oh!
Got you, impostor!
[grunting]
Are we interrupting?
[in Russian accent]
Uh, I don't speak English,
but let me get translator.
[groaning]
[both grunting]
[yelping]
-Archibald.
-[straining] It's fine.
-It's fine.
-Whoa!
Pardon, me ladies. Just stay calm.
[all grunting]
-[gasps]
-Don't worry.
[grunting, gags]
[door opens]
[both grunting]
[lively music playing]
[coughs, groans]
-You killed Fernand.
-The Mist. I'll destroy the legend.
[grunting continues]
[lively music continues]
[grunts]
Why did you murder Fernand?
[grunting continues]
-[straining]
-[water splattering]
[gasps]
[gagging]
[yelling]
[both groaning]
Terrorist! Terrorist!
-[grunts]
-[shouts]
[Magnum] Come here!
[lively music swelling]
[groaning]
[grunting]
Archibald?
[groans] Yes.
-Hey, ladies. Ready to twerk?
-[Taser clicks]
[water flowing]
-[electricity fizzling]
-[spluttering]
Oh, you want to play? Okay!
Say hello to my little friend! [yelling]
[rapid gunfire]
You really wanna mess with me, do you?
Let's go! [yelling]
[gunshot rings out]
It's me, Archibald Al Mahmoud!
Way to choose your team, huh?
And you, Archie,
you're actually gonna get us killed.
Quit acting crazy.
No. You don't get to be like that, okay?
Just stop already.
Yeah.
-Water was really never my thing.
-We noticed.
I can't manage this mission.
I can't manage you.
So now it's my fault?
Typical. I'm to blame.
I really wanted to help.
I know.
[door opens]
To be honest, Mr. Agent,
if you'd given me a gun, well,
we'd be celebrating a win right now.
-Oh.
-[groaning]
It's just a tiny scratch.
But now we know the buyer.
Simyon Novak.
Son to the king of Taarghistan?
He isn't allowed in France.
Paul Lesueur made fake IDs
with Archibald's name
so he could sell
the Big Mac without interference.
He's doing a home delivery tonight.
I'd love some Mickey D's right now.
Were you able to get his passports?
I only got to grab his cell phone.
[Momo] Wow. Really?
It's a six-hour flight to Taarghistan.
Kind of far for a delivery.
How would you get to, uh, Taarghistan
and not get on a plane?
-[Dalila and Archibald] The embassy!
-Bingo.
We'll have to catch them with the device,
recover the Big Mac,
and head off Paul and Simyon.
I mean, that's great!
And plus, Simyon's father
even forced his son to come home.
That jerk won't give us
any more trouble now. [laughing]
-Is that bad?
-Of course it's bad.
If there's no sale,
there's no proof, no crime, no nothing.
So yeah, it's pretty bad.
So I'll never be cleared?
Your dad will go down for it,
and so will we.
Right. I, uh, regret to inform you
that my career in politics
has just ended, actually.
That's a real big shame, Alexandre.
Thank you, Momo.
[inhales sharply]
You got something else? A plan B?
I made no plan B.
He comes to save me,
and I'm still not his priority.
[Richard] I did come to save you.
And then I put
national security before that.
You were right to.
As an agent, yes.
As a parent,
no.
You're right. As an agent, you're great.
You did what you're supposed to.
Yeah…
Except as a dad…
Yeah, I agree.
Thanks, man.
Archibald, maybe the same goes for me.
You are a grown man.
I want a responsible son!
Not a spoiled brat like you are,
who can't drive!
Who screams and runs away from a fight!
Who just hides behind being a student.
[breath trembling]
[breathing heavily]
Look at me, son. Archibald.
Life is similar to an operation.
This life, the one we live every day.
You do your best with what you've got.
And you, Archibald,
you are my greatest scar.
[noble music playing]
I guess we do have one thing in common.
We feel let down.
Uh, I don't want to bring it up,
but I don't know how you could have,
uh, mistaken a passport for a phone.
-Leave it.
-[Momo] They're nothing alike.
You can't flip through the pages
of a phone. They feel nothing alike.
If the sale does move
through the embassy tonight…
Uh, yes, you've clearly missed
one small detail, Richard.
But Simyon's on a plane right now.
That's perfect.
What's he mean?
-Yeah, Simyon, you good? Where you at?
-[Simyon] What do you think, coño?
-I'm still at the embassy, dick face.
-Yes!
[in Simyon's voice]
We'll carry on as planned tonight.
You'd better remember mi regalo.
[Paul] As for you, don't forget
my 30 million de fajitas,
por favor, señorita!
You making a joke?
Making a joke, no, but you are
saying things to me in Spanish.
Be there at 9:00 p.m., my room, coño.
[Paul] Hello?
Ooh. [chuckles]
Ah, he's good.
[normal voice] Given the security detail,
we won't be armed.
Ah, I sense a huge operation ahead.
Uh, no, it's my operation.
I won't involve anyone else.
Especially not him.
What? No, no, no, no!
I'm linked to this.
You got that? It's nonnegotiable.
I'm coming.
Skip the grand finale?
Buddy, forget it. I'm with Archie.
Yeah, yeah, I'm not leaving Archie's side.
I'm not leaving my sister.
So what's the deal? Can I get a gun?
Nobody asked, but I'm in.
For my dad, for Grandpa Jacques,
and because I'm not gonna be made a fool.
[sighs]
There's just one small detail.
No cash, then no sale.
It's just that 30 million
isn't a small detail.
It's a big detail.
Depends who it is.
[dramatic music playing]
[in Russian over tablet] Listen, the Mist,
30 million is a big sum.
But you saved my son, so--
Look, the Mist! My bruise is almost gone!
[continues in Russian indistinctly]
What are we looking?
Shh.
[in Russian] The deal is
the money is yours for 24 hours.
-Okay?
-[Richard in Russian] Not one more.
[in English] We'll have it in an hour.
Thirty million in an hour?
What app are you on?
TAARGHISTAN EMBASSY
Okay, the ballerina makes her entrance.
Up, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
Ah, Eagle One.
Falcon Two.
Now… Fox… Oh, hey, buddy.
-[earphone beeps]
-Snake is on the move.
Hands off.
Spider…
Dalila, why am I always just the watch?
-Good evening.
-I'd like a sparkling water.
-Yeah, and I'd like a Mercedes, actually.
So there. We all suffer.
That's my boy.
[video game sound effects playing]
[Archibald] Whoa!
The guy has his own private game room!
Oh!
Oh, there's a train track on the ceiling!
[Dalila] Archie, stop touching everything.
Okay. There are tons of cameras.
We can film the complete transaction
and catch them in the act.
But they're gonna wanna see the money
before they do the exchange.
[briefcase clicks open]
-[gasps]
-[Archibald] Oh!
-Shall we get changed?
-[Archibald] Uh, okay.
Let's do it.
-Commander?
-[Jouard] Yes?
Richard Brumère on the phone for you.
[watch beeps, ticking]
[phone line clicks]
-Richard?
-[Richard on phone] Guy, my friend.
-How are you?
-Oh, you know I'm not your friend.
For old times' sake,
I'll save you some trouble, Brumère.
Hugo's standing here with me.
He wants to say hello.
[Richard] Constantin?
How is it going, Richard?
Let's all get together, Richard.
For old times' sake,
just the three of us.
[Richard] Fieldwork's not your thing.
As your wife said,
it's difficult to perform well
when you don't have the right tools.
-Now listen to me, you coward!
-[line beeping]
He hung up already.
[beeps]
Thirty-eight seconds! Asshole.
That's all we need these days though, huh?
Right? Huh? So who's the micro-dick now?
[in singsong] Who, who, who
is taking it up the ass?
Who, who, who is taking it up the ass?
[spluttering]
What game are you playing?
Apologies, Mr… Madam Minister.
The pressure has been getting to me.
-Where are they at?
-[Jouard] Good question.
Boris, where are they?
[loudly] Boris, where are they?
Archibald.
I know you're upset about your mother.
The absence I took was, uh…
unforgivable.
But I just wasn't ready for a family.
I'm sorry,
but I wasn't ready for a family.
Honestly, I knew I'd fail
and that Fernand would do better.
[sighs] But I was always
at your side, Archibald.
Even the day of your mother's funeral.
I was always at your side.
[noble music playing]
[noble music swelling]
It was you.
Uh…
I swear on my mother's life,
I'm telling you,
this is the last time
I get dressed up as a hooker.
But I think you look perfect.
I mean, that gown, with your figure…
It's… it's… You're…
Never mind. I'll gonna go get changed.
Go, go, go! Go!
ARMED FORCES
[sirens blaring]
[guns cocking]
Boss!
[chuckles]
-Great reception.
-Thanks, I organized it myself.
The icing is on our cake.
I repeat. The icing is now on our cake.
[exhales deeply]
[munching popcorn]
[sighs]
[sighs] Well, so?
When at the ball, you better dance.
It's a bit weird.
And plus, they're filming us.
-Just put your hand on my shoulder.
-[gulps] What?
Just put your hand on my shoulder.
-You mean like this?
-That's it.
Now, here we go.
[giggling]
Hey. Showtime!
This is insane! Ridiculous!
I'm Commander Jouard.
It's my right to be here.
You're starting to annoy me.
On the other side of these gates, maybe,
but not in here.
-There's a terrorist. You--
-Welcome, Madame Meister-Mayer.
-How are you?
-[Jouard] You gotta be kidding.
-Wait, you can't--
-I've been ordered to keep you out.
[laughs in disbelief] He let her in.
Find me a tuxedo.
[dramatic film score playing]
Simyon! Bro, there you are.
Buddy!
Look, is there some kind of problem?
He's furious.
He's watching a film to cool down.
[film clicks off]
You… you okay, Simyon?
[Richard as Simyon]
My dad chewed me out thanks to you!
-Right, but what can I do?
-Now I'm stuck here, like some rat.
Uh, Simyon, it's just-- [sighs]
-Simyon, please.
-You got my gift?
Yes, I brought your gift.
You have my certain envelope?
Good evening. Glad you made it. [chuckles]
This here is the very latest version
of Big Mac!
-[device beeping]
-Wow!
-[in normal voice] Hold me close.
-No.
Hey, come on!
-Touch me. Touch me.
-But…
He's not looking at you.
It's top-of-the-line.
All right. One Big Mac to go.
Okay, right, well then, uh,
looks like we're all settled, my friend.
-[Archibald grunts]
-So let's just-- Oh!
-Okay. Well, in that case, I'll just, uh…
-[Archibald grunting]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
-That's taking things too far.
-Look, I panicked.
[Paul] Holy cow.
[Archibald groaning]
I see, I see. Look, I'll be out…
I'm gonna give you
your, um, personal space.
-Deal!
-Uh, and plus, we're done.
-[as Simyon] You need to watch my film.
-I'm not really interested.
[Paul on film] Simyon!
Bro, there you are.
Buddy!
[static fizzling]
They broke it.
Seems like there's technical interference.
Richard Brumère!
Or the Mist.
Ooh!
[suspenseful music playing]
[in normal voice] Dalila, plan B!
Plan B? [shrieks]
Go! Go! Go!
[Richard] Hey, ladies.
-Want to play?
-[video game sound effects play]
Well, let's play.
[men grunting]
[record scratches]
To the music!
["Do You Wanna Funk"
by Patrick Cowley & Sylvester playing]
♪ There is somethin' I ♪
♪ I wanna ask you ♪
[bell dings]
-♪ There is somethin' ♪
-[game beeping]
♪ That I want to know ♪
[video game voice] New high score.
♪ And to this question ♪
[Richard] Game over!
♪ You have the answer ♪
-[game beeping]
-♪ So tell me ♪
♪ What I want to know… ♪
[game dinging]
-[groans]
-Hey, you okay?
[video game voice] Shoot again.
♪ Won't you tell me now? ♪
♪ If you wanna funk ♪
♪ Let me show you how ♪
♪ Do you wanna funk with me? ♪
[video game voice] Player two, get ready.
Ah, Magnum, get off me!
No! No!
-No, Archie!
-What?
-That's not part of the plan!
-Let me go, Dalila!
-No!
-Let me go!
♪ So if I tell you ♪
♪ That you're really somethin', baby ♪
♪ Will you stay… ♪
[video game voice] You lose!
No, but, Dad, look out!
♪ Don't go away ♪
♪ And when I lay my ♪
Okay…
♪ My good lovin' on you ♪
♪ What will it cost me, baby… ♪
[video game voice] Second ball.
♪ Do you wanna funk? ♪
♪ Won't you tell me now? ♪
♪ If you wanna funk… ♪
Ladies and gentlemen,
Paul has just left the building. [laughs]
♪ Do you wanna funk with me… ♪
[Archibald] It's a strike!
Going somewhere, buddy?
This is our mission, not yours!
No, because I'm in charge.
You won't win. This is all mine!
[grunting]
[Archibald shouting indistinctly]
You bit me! Get away from me!
Let go, let go, let go, let go, let go!
-Richard.
-Marguerite?
-[record scratches]
-She's gonna kill me!
-[groans]
-Take that!
-[gasps]
-Told you that I'm always here.
[struggling]
Deliver Paul to the police.
Just guard the cash.
You two, go with Marguerite.
-No, I'm staying.
-[Richard] Archibald.
You are my priority.
Looks like we're back, my friend.
At least I'm not in the water.
-Hey, come on.
-[whimpering] It hurts. It hurts.
[Marguerite] Shut up!
Hey, Alex. Alex, we got it! We got it!
[suspenseful music playing]
I've got your suppository, you prick.
[grunting]
Do it! Do it!
No, killing just kills.
-[humming]
-[video game sound effect plays]
So seems like my entrance was amazing.
-[train horn toots]
-I mean…
Whoa.
Good work.
Very graceful, poised, and efficient.
Ah, thank you.
I'm not warmed up or anything.
I ruined my landing.
Normally, it's a bit punchier.
[Paul grunting] You're making a big…
Ow, ow, ow!
You're hurting my arm, Mom!
-Did you say "mom"?
-I didn't say "mom."
-You said "mom."
-I said "mom"?
-Yes, you said "mom."
-You did say "mom."
[grunts]
-I promise I didn't say "mom."
-Dalila! [grunting]
What are you doing? Wait! Marguerite!
I'm not a weapon!
We don't need her.
No! Ow! Please don't do this.
Coming through. Sorry, sorry, sorry.
-Sorry?
-Well, sure, she's his mom.
I never forget a face. I recognized her.
He keeps a little photo of her
in his back pocket.
Marguerite? Cannot be. No.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm doing it again, aren't I?
Spilling who the parent is?
[sighs]
It's good to do your homework,
Mr. Brumère.
Okay.
Okay. Let's go. This way.
Can you give me a hand,
or do I have to do everything, as usual?
All right, can you please stop
tearing me down, Mom.
Why do you think I lack confidence?
Because for all these years,
you have always belittled me.
I have a lot going for me.
Hands off my son.
Wow.
[sighs] Marguerite.
Oh, Marguerite.
Why?
Why? Well, for the cash, Richard.
And for justice.
There's been no one protecting my baby.
And your kid's no better than mine.
Here we go again. Why do you do that?
In front of everyone.
You have no shame, Mom.
You're a mother? I never knew.
It had to stay secret
so that I could join the department.
But for the son
of the legendary Richard Brumère,
he got everything he wanted,
treated like a prince!
Someone had to make it balanced, right?
And that moron Simyon isn't
my only client. I have a lot.
And me using the immunity was no problem
because your son is such a simple man.
Fernand was getting suspicious.
So you're the one who killed Fernand.
-That old fool never saw it coming.
-This is over.
There was Alexandre before,
except that now Alexandre is badass!
He's a brand-new man now.
Totally insane!
What happened?
So the swimming pool…
If you'd done your homework,
you would've known.
I was champion
in the regional water polo competition.
You bet.
-A real mermaid.
-A dolphin.
But why the Big Mac?
It's the final job that will make
my son and I millionaires at last.
-Oh, yeah.
-Finally. And you're not going to ruin it.
-[Archibald whimpers]
-You're making this personal, Marguerite.
-[grunts]
-No, Dad, no!
Don't we have some unfinished business?
Guy, you're late.
Ah, yes, I'm late. Yes.
Don't worry. You'll get out.
In a body bag.
The embassy is surrounded.
I've been waiting for this.
What? Say it. Okay?
Okay, I get it.
You and me, hand to hand? Okay?
It's been a long time.
We'll do it man to man. Look.
There. See? Go!
Man to man.
-[both grunting]
-What was she wearing? What was it?
[both groaning]
-Careful!
-Okay.
-[Lazare] Careful!
-[grunts] Not bad.
Santiago, 1984.
When you freed the ambassador,
I was there.
[grunting]
Bogota, '88.
The blind man trick.
[both grunting]
Djibouti, '93.
-Marguerite.
-See you later, Guy.
[gunshot]
[Jouard gasps]
You killed Jouard!
He's the only one
whose testimony would count.
-Call it in!
-I will. Okay.
-Let's go, let's go!
-[Paul] Let's go, let's go.
Yes, I've just witnessed Richard
kill Jouard at the embassy. I saw it all!
Protocol 62! Sorry, guys.
-Archie, are you okay?
-Is he dead?
[groans]
[panting]
Sorry. Good evening.
Good evening. Good evening.
Oh! Going somewhere, grandma?
Wow! Oh, you wanna--
[crowd gasps]
Holy fuck!
[grunting] I'm arresting you. It's over.
[groans]
Are you even going to try?
My sister was right. You're an antique.
Let my mother go!
Thank you, Emmanuel.
It's approved by the president.
Activate Protocol 62.
-Yes, Madam Minister.
-We're moving into the embassy.
Protocol 62?
You're making a horrible mistake!
It's supposed to be a tactic for war.
-And what about the crowd?
-Collateral damage.
You've just sent your men to their graves!
Not like he was short-listed
for a Nobel Prize.
-[Paul] Get off!
-[Momo] Let go, man! It's Versace!
You let go! Let go of my mom! Let go!
Marguerite.
Hey, guys. Guys, guys.
It's not what you think--
Yes, yes! Gentlemen!
Go, go, go! It's them. I'm with you.
-[scoffs]
-[Paul] I'm one of you. Paul Lesueur.
Whoo! Excellent timing, guys.
[blows raspberry]
Good job, guys.
[groans, grunts]
Arrest that pair of clowns.
[crowd murmuring]
Ah, yes. Bulletproof tuxedo.
Made in France.
If it was from Bangladesh, I'd be gone.
Marguerite.
You betrayed us.
We agree. It's mostly Marguerite.
So then I'll just--
-[Jouard] You stay here.
-I'll stay. Of course. I'm here. Yes.
And you, Lazare.
Or maybe it's Mr. Minister Lazare.
-[giggles]
-[Jouard] Yes.
Your family should be proud of you.
So, who's the fool now, Paul, huh?
Boss!
Ha!
Minister Lazare.
And you, Richard…
[gentle music playing]
…you always worked with the best.
This has been
my finest team. I mean that.
Archibald, you were superb.
Thanks for that, Dad.
-And thank you, sir.
-Ridiculous. it's ridiculous. [scoffs]
"We won! Yay, we did it!"
-I'm so proud of you, bro.
-For real?
Me too. I'm so proud of you.
I mean, you did it.
-Really?
-Yeah.
[Richard] Marguerite?
As expressed in Guatemala,
the llama has always--
Shut up, Richard.
Bullshit. In Guatemala…
-The guy's telling stories with llamas--
-Shut up.
Okay.
-I knew it was gonna be made-up anyway.
-How pathetic.
Sacrificing himself for his son.
-Makes me sick!
-What?
[Marguerite] You showing up
with your toy gun.
-The Big Mac.
-[Paul] Cut it out!
Ah, yes. Wow.
Nice work. Very nice.
You know I have to take it
into HQ, don't you?
As expected.
-[crowd gasps]
-[Jouard] Richard?
Richard? Richard?
["One Way or Another" by Blondie playing]
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna find ya
I'm gonna get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna win ya
I'm gonna get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna see ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna meet ya
Meet ya, meet ya, meet ya ♪
♪ One day, maybe next week ♪
♪ I'm gonna meet ya
I'm gonna meet ya, I'll meet ya ♪
♪ I will drive past your house ♪
♪ And if the lights are all down ♪
♪ I'll see who's around ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna find ya
I'm gonna get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna win ya
I'll get ya, I'll get ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna see ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna meet ya
Meet ya, meet ya, meet ya ♪
♪ One day, maybe next week ♪
♪ I'm gonna meet ya
I'll meet ya, ah ♪
♪ And if the lights are all out ♪
♪ I'll follow your bus downtown ♪
♪ See who's hanging out ♪
♪ One way or another… ♪
[indistinct chattering]
[phone ringing]
The goose is out of the freezer.
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna lose ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna trick ya
Trick ya, trick ya, trick ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna lose ya
I'm gonna give you the slip ♪
Thanks, ma'am.
[phone ringing]
♪ I'll walk down the mall
Stand over by the wall… ♪
"The goose is out of the freezer."
Fuck!
♪ Some specials and rat food
Get lost in the crowd ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya, I'll get ya
I'll get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya, I'll get ya
I'll get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya, I'll get ya
I'll get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya, I'll get ya
I'll get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya, I'll get ya
I'll get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪
♪ One way… ♪
[lively music playing]
[baby crying]
Did I miss anything?
Just the birth of your son.
Oh. Fernando!
Doc, we need a do-over. I want to film it.
Doctor!
-Have you lost your mind?
-What do you mean?
-Stop looking! Just get out!
-[muttering]
Go! Honey?
What are you doing?
I told you I'd always be there
for the big moments in your life.